point implementers to OIDC in intro #151 (#203)
oauth-wg/oauth-v2-1: draft-ietf-oauth-v2-1.md

This simplification applies when the application is acting on behalf of a resource
owner, or on behalf of itself.

> OAuth is an authorization protocol, and is not an authentication protocol. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OAuth is an authorization protocol, not an authentication protocol, as OAuth does not define the necessary components to achieve user authentication.
```

> authentication is required, OpenID Connect {{OpenID}} builds on OAuth to provide the security

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An authentication protocol is necessary if the goal is to authenticate users. An example is OpenID Connect {{OpenID}}, which builds on OAuth to provide the security
```

> characteristics required of an authentication protocol. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
characteristics and necessary components required of an authentication protocol. The
```

> characteristics and necessary components required of an authentication protocol. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
characteristics and necessary components required of an authentication protocol.

The
```
